[Doc] document queryOptions prop in ReferenceArrayField doc (#9397)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/ReferenceArrayField.md

| `children`     | Optional | `Element`                                                                         | `<SingleFieldList>`              | One or several elements that render a list of records based on a `ListContext`                         |
| `filter`       | Optional | `Object`                                                                          | -                                | Filters to use when fetching the related records (the filtering is done client-side)                   |
| `pagination`   | Optional | `Element`                                                                         | -                                | Pagination element to display pagination controls. empty by default (no pagination)                    |
| `perPage`      | Optional | `number`                                                                          | 1000                             | Maximum number of results to display                                                                   |

> | `queryOptions` | Optional | [`UseQuery Options`](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/docs/react/reference/useQuery) | `{}`                             | `react-query` client options                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queryOptions` | Optional | [`UseQuery Options`](https://tanstack.com/query/v3/docs/react/reference/useQuery) | `{}`                             | `react-query` options for the `getMany` query                                                                           |
```
